everyone so I am joined by Wendell from
level one Tex and we are embarking on
part two of our journey to build the
server so it's pretty cool stuff we have
basically a kind of a host box a
computer that we just assembled in the
cs3 81 from Silverstone it had a lot of
small issues along the way we talked
about that in part one we ran some
challenges we have a couple of other
highlights cool motherboard that's got
an interface we can access from other
computers even for BIOS and then you
also brought with you a disk shelf yep
that we can hook into the whole setup so
part two what we're doing right now is
going to be defining the problems we're
trying to solve and setting up the
software side of things
yep unrated in this case it's really a
coming-of-age story a server bar mitzva
if you will and that that will start us
for part two here before that this video
is brought to you by Linode cloud
computing we've trusted Linode as our
web host since 2012 and recommend it for
excellent technical and customer support
reliable uptime and clean interface
aside from cloud hosting Linode comm
recently added GPU hosting plans for
machine learning and neural net use
built with our TX 6000 GPUs and 10
gigabit per second network speeds
they're also starting to deploy epic
CPUs in their servers sign up for Linode
comm cloud computing with code G at
Nexus 20 for a $20 credit or click the
link in the description below to visit
linda.com slash gamers Nexus so let's
let's start this one well define the
things I'm trying to solve it's what our
workflow I guess I'll go through the
workflow briefly not just the workflow
you couldn't you have now it's just a
big old stack of hard drives plugged
into the network yes
that's no optimal no it's not we film a
video all the video goes from the SD
cards to straight through a computer
like an editing computer onto the NASS
Scientology and ass and then that
project is edited off the nice and
eventually those files are compressed
SIF their b-roll if they're a role
they're deleted and then I guess other
use cases we store test data on there so
I've got an isolated testing folder and
isolated folder for media production and
so no telling me about
there was a mouse button that was mapped
to accidentally do yes now accidentally
Andrew used to map his mouse for to
delete you still have something master
map delete okay so now it's not only
working from here but the first time I
realized that or one of the first times
I remembered it was when I was browsing
the server folders and I went in the
wrong one wanted to click Mouse for to
go back so that's the hotkey for back
and it started deleted in 2018 so
snapshots are gonna be important for the
solution that we deploy yeah so what I'm
using now in that instance one you go in
click cancel really fast and then to is
I've got a recycling bin set up on
psychologies side so I can restore stuff
if that happens or we've got isolated
user accounts so certain permissions for
testing versus media that way there's no
accidents that are like company-wide
just one group and yeah so some kind of
recycling been equivalent would be good
just for mistakes like that also the
other nice thing about having a server
especially when you're like sort of
graduating into the server being able to
do stuff is that can do double duty like
right now I think you've got a dedicated
machine for transcoding yeah it low on
space you'll do transcoding but also
things like steam cache for games like
your workload yeah that might not help a
little bit but maybe the internet cache
does but you can also run virtual
machines with full virtual machines on
your server system if it's powerful
enough this analogy stuff can do that as
well but it's not really super powerful
if you're really pushing it to the
ragged edge asking it to do all those
things there's a lot of limitations or
stuff like memory capacity and also
whatever CPU is in there is what you get
now not like it's socketed yeah so yes
so there's a lot of options that steam
cache is a cool idea - like I was saying
off-camera but we we we don't really
download games that much we kind of pull
all the ones we need for testing and
keep them on dedicated test drives but
if a new game comes out we probably need
to download it two to four times this
way you can ensure that you only
download it once and then everything
else happens at wire speed and with the
10 gig interfaces you know multiple
machines can be pulling from that and
honestly the bottleneck is probably
going to be
compression rather than network speed
hmm yeah well the virtualization also
means that if a workload comes along and
you want to experiment with it you could
experiment with it in a virtual machine
on one of your workstations or just
create a new virtual machine on the
server experiment with it there and if
it pans out great and if not just wipe
the virtual machine oh there's one more
that just reminded me of his image
hosting oh yeah so for pulling down
images for test systems right now we
just clone drives on a on a machine and
what I used when I worked at Dell what
we did was we used ghost 32 Norton
product and it works great you boot into
pixie boot and then you navigate the
server so you'd overreact some server in
a closet somewhere pull down the image
that you built maybe the previous couple
days and just load it onto ten different
laptops that are all the same SKU yep
and so that would be nice to have an
image store yeah we can create a virtual
machine to do that and to do the PXE
boot there's a couple little things
we'll have to reconfigure our on the
router but once that set you will be
able to boot off the network
it's pretty neat yes so yes very cool so
we've got the use cases to find if you
didn't know some of that stuff was
really possible or haven't thought of it
that gives you some ideas let's uh let's
get started with setup I guess we we
previously just put on raid on a USB key
it is in the server now and you said I'm
gonna need that I guess that key stays
in there
yep permanently okay is that why yeah
that's what one rate actually runs from
okay so unrated will boot and run from
the USB key and that's to tolerate any
kind of changes that you might want to
do to the disks and that chassis has
four empty slots for mechanical drives
one empty slot for nvme but the disk
shelf also has twelve empty slots okay
so yes we have expandability for the
shelf yeah so if you want to add 10 more
drives you can or two or one or right or
whatever okay cool so the first thing is
unread comes up in trial mode it is paid
software on rate is really I tested
under a DIN ZFS so I'm gonna have a
separate video on that about like why
and about six different systems but
really unread versus
freenas and FreeNAS was problematic for
me booting on thread ripper with the
newest agiza on every thread Ripper
system I had it hung and that was
disconcerting and it doesn't do hardware
pass-through I really like hardware
pastor said I do a lot of content on I'm
going to sequester Windows to a VM and
now I trust it to run and then I can
come out here in the real world with
Linux doing actual work and then windows
can have its little sandbox where it's
eating paste and whatever else in paste
and installing malware in the background
I don't know why candy crush keeps
coming back why does this keep happening
so we're gonna do get trial key because
we don't care it's gonna hit the
Internet and that's basically it
I should mention we don't have the disk
shelf connected right now yeah just the
14 terabyte disks although I don't see
the nvme maybe we need to go toggle
something on or we bumped it or
something earlier might you - about me -
I'd be in a different different area
that's not it if you want it all as part
of the same pool then because it it
won't let you do anything until you
start you start an array and the ZFS
pool doesn't count as an array so we use
we end up using the in via me with ZFS
you just a ZFS pool can be made of one
or more V devs and each of the dev is
responsible for its own redundancy if
you lose one Vida if you lose the entire
pool okay so the 14 terabytes would be
one V dev with one drive of redundancy
then we have 12 drives so I probably
just put that into two V dibs of six
drives with one or two drives the
redundancy each so we'll have three
v-dubs and as ZFS uses the disk
it runs performance counters and so
that'll figure out how fast each of e
dev is okay and based on how fast each
video is it will balance the read and
write loads across them and then from
user interface and how is that
interpreted as far as folder structure
file structure you you get to pick how
you want things so it sounds like you
need at least two shares but you could
even create individual user shares give
them a quota so like every every user
here could have their own user and
password and you could give them say you
know a terabyte of space and then it's
like you need to clean up your stuff
because this doesn't work we've also got
flash and spinning rust and so we'll
probably split the flash into its own
storage and I can be like a work area
always guaranteed to be fast but later
we can add flash devices to use as
caching if we want and then then this
can be cut if we need to for time but
and then for for that working area so if
we have active projects is this an issue
where we just need to get into the habit
of manually moving the project over to
because automate at all I was gonna say
is or is there like a Roenick cleanup
weekly or something and just move yeah I
think because your storage pool is so
large compared to the amount of flash
storage that you have we can just set it
up nightly and like two or three in the
in the morning to low priority doing our
sync to a folder on spinning rust okay
so then if something does happen to the
flash you've got last night's copy or
whatever but generally you work from
that and he would only go to that
sequestered area if something really bad
happened right yeah and and then just I
guess delete it once the project is done
Hey
well that can be scheduled as well
because if you remove it we can enforce
deletes so if somebody removes it here
then the following night that will also
be removed from the spinning rust area
okay think about it cool so we took a
quick intermission to get the drive
working we had the switch drives the
other one was to say to drive so he
swapped it out for M view me and now
we're back on this page basically this
is gonna be throwaway and so we're just
gonna create that okay unright is weird
because it s shoes like I get it because
like btrfs was not trustworthy there for
a while it's gotten better some of the
other file systems are a little sketch
and the approach like that the Synology
takes is to use the linux md+ LVM and it
creates a zillion l vm slices on ND and
then when you add another disk to the
mix it can sort of rebalance how things
are died ask a question uh-huh what is l
vm oh it's a logical volume manager
okay got it you know I'm with you it's
like the partition manager on steroids
yeah yeah so unwrite takes a different
approach on raid wants you to explicitly
set parity drives like one or
to parity drives and then your data
drives okay there's a little program
that watches everything you do and make
sure that there's multiple copies of
your file so we were talking about
snapshots earlier on the unright forums
it's like oh if you use btrfs make sure
that all of the drives in your pool use
snapshotting otherwise some of your
files will be snapshotted in some of
them won't and this is a very odd way to
approach that problem as someone who is
an outsider perhaps to the Unrated
community so not a philosophically I
have a lot of problems with that choice
yeah but you know this ticks all the
boxes so we're gonna use this okay next
step is really to just start start the
array and it's just the one thing
participating in this but now we've sort
of activated all the other functionality
and her face looks nice yeah it's pretty
clean it's a little it's weird because
like under VMs well we probably have to
turn something on but under VMs and some
of the other things it has some really
esoteric features it's really well built
out but then other things like I would
like to run a task on a schedule no you
don't get a GUI for that okay so you
just build a cron file for that or yeah
okay so all right used to anyway it's
annoying but why why do you do this why
do you do this all right we're waiting
on dr. eats mother stuff to start but
that's fine so this is running now and
by default the flash device is shared on
the network and this is so you can
manipulate the configuration over the
network okay or if you want to back up
your configuration you can like once we
get this set up you can literally go
copy paste this and if something happens
to the USB driver you just make a new
one and I just paste it back in perfect
the config anyway and it you're good to
go but we can see that we've got our
drives here and the temperatures
reported we got 35 37 38 36 and how many
reads and writes and errors have
occurred and things like that call and
that will persist even though they'll
always shows unassigned but they're
actually gonna be part of a ZFS pool
okay I think the next step is probably
to start following the tutorial that's
on the level 1 website okay so let me
did you write that I did okay
do you trust you I think the tutorials
okay is it gonna be like the next step
is are MRF copies just command into the
terminal and then one four eight seven
six four that's freaky though that I
responded on that one I'm bad with I'm
bad with sequences of numbers as it
turns out unexpected with maintaining
the order of sequences of sequences of
letters in acronyms you're quite good
but numbers no that's questionable ZFS
on run right here's how well the Shadow
Copy setup so Shadow Copy is this really
cool thing in Windows I'm familiar with
a name so if we look if we go to this is
just the flash this doesn't count but it
works to show so the previous versions
tab this is built into Windows and this
is a great and every nice on planet
Earth should use this Samba has
supported this forever on Linux and so
it's handball and FreeBSD Samba on
literally everything Samba that Mac's
use has a binary extension for handling
this the problem is that just about
everything except
freenas and freenas has got a master
ther because it's not really like super
idiot-proof out of the box which is
annoying because this is like a basic
feature of an ass that should be on all
nasa
I think the Synology might do this out
of the box but in terms of like do a
free software no and what we do is like
once this is set up as this creates
snapshots those are going to show up
here so welcome back to that okay so the
first thing we need is the unread plugin
and this is the yeah let's paste
untrusted code into the thing it's how I
built my first web server install
plug-in you know what could go wrong
just paste this link it's totally fine
right so earlier we were making jokes
about NSA and Russia and China having
backdoors into the NASA that we just
built yeah but actually it's you and
it's all through I think Stinney 84 has
a community developer has a backdoor
because it's a github user content comm
slash tiny 8 1984 so good job 1984
you're actually not ironically not
ironically the next plug-in is github
user slash George Orwell and then this
is this is the auto snapshot script
although we're gonna modify this a
little bit alright what do you want to
call your storage tank you can call it
tank that's pretty common I called the
test one that I brought dumpster a pool
or anything really where is it seen just
on the command line and like when you
get status messages it'll be like
storage pool whatever is currently
experiencing an issue okay Horus grows
like is it like SDA except for wall yeah
or well more accurately it'd be more
like in d0 okay it's like it's indeed
it's it's a synthesis of all of your
other devices okay tank is fine unless
you want something different no it's
fine I don't know hundred percent
remember the syntax for that was
probably fine yeah okay so zpool status
will show you pool tank you know current
stats online scan done requested config
and then there's all your stuff okay and
so it's like oh well wait yeah so this
is raid z1 and then you've got all the
desks yep
and so and then the SSD is not in there
yet no the the SSD is gonna be part of
the Unrated system so it's a different
thing okay and these are just the disks
and we'll add those and so this could be
this is its own video and so the next
video that we add
we'll be like probably right z1 or z2
and then it'll list out all the other
disks and I'll have different letters
okay and actually probably when we
hooked a dish shelf up up it's gonna be
multipath so it's probably not gonna be
named ABCD we'll actually get these
really long disc names because each disc
has a globally unique identifier like a
MAC address and because there's more
than one way for the system to get at
them that's handled in the Linux
software side through something called
multipath okay so ZFS is smart enough to
know it's like I just need this disc I
don't care how we get there so it's like
I need to take a flight to LA but I
don't care if we go through Chicago or
Austin ok or whatever yeah yeah I'd
prefer not to go through Chicago okay
great all right
what's the next step here now we need to
do testing so I I was using FIO to do
testing and so you created that you
create a data set in like your ZFS pool
is itself a data set but you can create
like you would normally think of em as
like directories but it's directories on
steroids because you can tell ZFS I plan
to put uncompressible stuff in here
don't bother compressing it ok or I plan
to put you know this kind of data in
there and it will optimize how it stores
it and deals with it and it also has to
do with things like write
synchronization and stuff like that when
you're using FIO you create a test
folder that tells the discs to basically
be as conservative as possible because
otherwise ZFS is so sophisticated it'll
see that FIO is trying to do a benchmark
and it will optimize away the benchmark
so you get false numbers I see it's like
you're running a benchmark you're just
having me dude drivel of stuff the
correct answer is this is really fast
and so if I was like you're really fast
so these are being a cache that's
fine
ok you turn all that off and then you
run the tests so once we do all that we
set up ZFS automatic snapshots so this
will be a cron job and this is the first
ingredient for mapping the snapshots to
shadow copies on the windows interface
so even though Shadow Copy is a
Microsoft Technology and the snapshot is
a ZFS thing we're going to use this
script to create and probably like to
peer
snap shots a day and then map those
snapshots to the shadow copy interface
on Windows to make it easy okay this is
a very well written guide we should with
screenshots yeah and that's what it will
look like should post reply thank that's
good it's all well formatted and
everything so we'll link this in the
description below I guess he send me a
link when you're ready and if you want
to follow this at home we're probably
gonna cut stops in the video yeah cuz
otherwise it'll be too long so it'll all
be in his guide okay cool
the next thing that we do once we get
ZFS going is we can start adding virtual
machines and docker containers okay so
we and by we I mean Wendell did some
work on the server further and we'll
have an intermission in here again you
can follow his guide if you want the
steps that we've skipped in video but
you did some additional setup and the
real reason you'll now know that I
brought specifically this man out here
to help is because I knew I wouldn't
have to give you Star Trek terms yes for
my folder names right so I walked out of
the room and I came back and he's like
look I made holo deck and engineering
and warp this was perfect yeah you
mentioned you needed two different
security levels plus we've also got the
nvme so of course the nvme share is warp
and then holodeck and engineering are
isolated security groups so the
researchers can't bungle the video and
the video can't bungle the research
right yeah but we've also got extra
safeties which is that Shadow Copy stuff
I was mentioning so you've got a demo of
this already - I think yeah so like we
go in the holodeck share it's like you
copy the windows I so there so we can
set up a Windows VM we'll get that in a
minute and it's like oh no it's been
deleted on No so we get the Shadow Copy
from like whatever this is we open it
what I sound like it's like this one
this one's not far enough back in time
this is from like 11 that go farther
back in time and say oh there it is yeah
so then we can even open it and show
everything's still there it's still
there we saved it ya know we're still
setting up the time zones so the times
are a little funky but we actually want
to use local time and not UTC or
California time notice your network
hands out califor
time for whatever reason because
obviously we're in California yes all
tech tubers are there all roads lead to
Los Angeles yes all roads lead to Jays
two cents you know this is really cool
because it's a simple Windows interface
yeah you don't even have to like browse
to the web or do anything it's literally
built into Windows and this is what all
Nass devices should do like even like
all the free distributions and on raids
not free I was really surprised it
doesn't easily do this out of the box
even if you're not running ZFS I think
ZFS is snapshotting capability here is
far superior to even btrfs butter FS Oh
engagement challenge but uh I'm
surprised it doesn't do this somehow out
of the box butter FS was again it's like
you related why did you relate that to
you really that that to Facebook
yesterday yeah it's they helped fund a
lot of the early development and use it
internally because it has some of the
features of ZFS but without all of the
overhead and complexity of ZFS okay cuz
like if you're Facebook and it's like
man I need a file system that does all
this ZFS takes the boxes and then you
see that Oracle is involved I mean
Oracle acquired the intellectual
property after it was open source EFS
yeah but again Oracle Oracle leaves a
bad taste in everybody's mouth so not
not the best situation so butter FS was
unattainable feel like I feel like if
Facebook is judging there they're maybe
not in a position to do that
but I understand and ZFS on Linux is now
a very mature project so this is pretty
decent I mean it's well the so again the
interface has been you did show me some
what did you call it oh you showed me
some aspects where the interface is a
bit bipolar on what it offers you oh
yeah so like that the vm's like check it
out so we're gonna add vm's and it's
you've got all this stuff and it's crazy
like I'm always talking about iommu and
hardware pass-through and we set that up
and there's a great interface for that
and all you do is I guess load the ISO
and onto the server or something
yeah and it will let you get at the like
this user interface a lot of other
people could learn from unraised
interface here because
I'm gonna edit this is our windows VM
that's setup and we can access it
through VNC but we've also got hardware
pass-through for the Navi GPU now we
still get the reset bug so if anything
goes wrong we have to like turn off turn
it back on cuz that's just Navi right
but this is forum GUI and like gooeys
from manipulating vm's is not great
sometimes but this interface is like
alright just let me switch over and deal
with this at the XML level this is great
like a lot of people could learn from
this but then it's like I want to set up
a scheduled task to you know check the
ZFS health or a scheduled tasks to
restart the docker containers or
scheduled tasks to do whatever and
there's nothing there's no there's no
interface for setting up scheduled tasks
so it's a little it's like this part is
really sophisticated
this part is rock dumb simple so just
yeah why
let's I learned a couple things from you
off-camera we should go over so some of
the specific naming terminology
containerization of things so just I
guess recap I don't remember how much of
this we've gone over at this point but
containerization as I'll call it and you
can correct if that's not the right word
but we've got pool and then there is a
Vida under that and v-dubs what does
that stand for again it's like a virtual
device or it's it's really just the
building blocks that make up a storage
pool and so with ZFS you add storage
Aveda at a time and then yeah and what
you were if I remember this correctly I
think it's if I go to add let's say for
more drives then that becomes a Vida and
then that V dev is responsible for its
own redundancy yep so if a drive fails
on V dev one and on V dev - there's no
relationship between that failure yep
other than maybe you got a bad batch in
which case yeah better get replies but
there's no yeah in in terms of how
they're contained you can replace one
drive in each one and also if we have
one disk failure for DV dev one one disk
failure for me dev - that doesn't mean
we have to disk failure yep so and you
can mix one and two drive failures so
like with the external disk shelf we can
run raid Z 2 and have two failures in
any of the v-dubs that are implemented
with raid-z - and you can
and match and it's basically okay it's
not it's usually better to like do some
planning for performance reasons but
generally the more v-dubs you have the
more performance you get I think there
is also did use that was a data set was
that the other term
yeah so with ZFS like the file system is
ZFS but then you can create a ZFS data
set under the file system and the data
set can have a bunch of tunable zhh so
we've got data set for your docker
containers and your docker containers
are like super lightweight virtual
machines and we're using that for steam
caching which we'll talk more about in a
minute but that file system is case
sensitive because it's more like Linux
whereas the engineering share and the
work share those are case insensitive
because you're going to be mostly using
Windows clients to access it and while
SMB will preserve case it's supposed to
be case insensitive so having those data
sets mean that you don't have to have
different partitions with different
parameters I can say this data set is
case sensitive this data set is case
insensitive and they all share the same
pool of storage and so this is the
docker functionality on raid which is
pretty good although it's a little
idiosyncratic and I wasn't planning on
doing a tutorial on setting up like a
LAN cache which is like the steam cache
but it's a steam character that supports
origin and battlenet and Windows updates
and a whole bunch of things
Windows Update supports caching Windows
updates and that propagates them to
every device on your network yeah yeah I
mean I guess that's fine but it does
support it but this yeah we can do so I
guess to kind of step back a second
caching things like downloads from Steam
is just useful because then like you
were saying earlier your operating that
cable speed yeah the wall or whatever
you know yeah I think motor lines 3head
look at 20 or 25 gig update and you know
if you're on a LAN with three or four
other computers and like downloading
that Borderlands 3 update on a bunch of
computers it's just gonna kill the
connection no matter what kind of
connection you have yeah yeah so even if
you're at home or if you have people
over to play games kind of LAN party
style it could be useful I think
I think PDX LAN my
actually do something like this yes
steam cash yeah specifically for that
reason because they have however many
hundreds of people there
yeah valve has actually been really good
about supporting this kind of technology
they have a thing called a site license
where you can if if you're if you're
worthy steam will give you a site
license and it'll actually let you cash
even games you don't have Oh so it'll
just download the entire catalog ok of
steam eight so that that makes sense for
a LAN event because the LAN event
organisers don't have all the games yeah
but all the people there will so cool
and this is this is nice versus a full
virtual machine too because these the
operating system and the containers are
in close communication about what kind
of resources they need so instead of
like pre allocating say a gigabytes of
memory for the windows VM that's the you
know for eight gigs or whatever eyes we
have the windows VM these will just use
what they need and then when they're not
busy or there's not a lot going on they
use less memory and that'll free memory
for the host to be used for file system
transfer caching or whatever there was
something you you mentioned yesterday
that you spend some time troubleshooting
something and you said I might update
the tutorial for this because nobody
should have to go through this but you
know what that was so engine X which is
the like this web interface listens on
all IP addresses by default and in the
GUI here for unread I've got this LAN
cache container and the Lancaster
container actually wants to listen on
port 443 which is encrypted and the sni
proxy which is encrypted so with the
encrypted traffic live what we're doing
here with the caching if steam or
somebody elects to use an encrypted
connection we can't actually cache that
but we need a mechanism to just send the
encrypted traffic on to where it needs
to go to all right on the computer yeah
without messing with it so for some
reason the dr. GUI here even if you you
can specify by IP address but you can't
share an IP address between containers
but from the docker command line you can
but one of the problems I run into is
that the in genetics proxy was listening
on these ports and adding another IP
address to the machine meant that this
web GUI also used that IP address
there's a workaround for that in the web
GUI but it means you still can't share
up
addresses between containers which is an
Mis implementation I think on unraised
part but the tutorial I think I'll
update to include that if you're gonna
do that because we've got all three
containers running here which is it's
like you go to do this and you just drag
and drop and won't do that it'll be like
I can't start this one because that
one's running or vice versa yeah right
and what else do we want to show in the
interface VM I guess we can show that if
it's still there oh yeah yeah so so
you've got a windows vm set up yeah and
this is going to run your transcoder
with with up right now 5700 xt maybe
eventually a 10 series NVIDIA card with
the code 43 work around because in
videos like all V hands-on but you can
work around it with this setup so that's
nice yeah yeah so we can continue using
our existing scripts and now rewrite
them yeah and one machine is now doing
the duty of what was previously two
machines so the electric electricity
savings alone II well yeah and the space
savings as always my biggest thing just
if we can compress multiple machines
into one box that's always better but
the really awesome thing about this 5700
XT is that it can do multiple h.265
streams in real time I think probably
you like to 60fps streams okay I was
doing some testing with Adam he post Vox
yeah and I think we got to 60fps h.265
stream so it's like navi's encoder is
unlocked it's a little sketchy with the
h.264 encoder they've been working on
fixing some bugs around h.264 but mostly
what you're doing with the script look
like h.264 to h.265 so that should be a
good use case if handbrake can use the
hardware in Navi yeah right yeah and if
not handbrake something can there's
options and we can rewrite it if
necessary
handbrake Co I was just what we happen
to use because it was accessible and I
was familiar with the interface so it
was easy to kind of just spawn the flags
and then copy/paste them a vm that we
plan to add here is a Linux VM running
fog which will enable PXE boot and with
PXE boot you'll be able to boot from the
network and do imaging and that kind of
thing yeah yeah so being able to boot
over Ethernet basically as one of the
boot devices in BIOS and then you can go
grab images off
server which we talked about previously
yep and some of the magic here also
requires a little bit of reconfiguration
on your DHCP server to use this for DNS
so the caching works but again tutorial
right yeah so this is this is the first
run on downloading a steam game and so
this is showing us basically is it hit
or miss and what chunk are we
downloading so as we go through and
download whatever game it is that we're
downloading from Steam ideally we see
hit yeah because that means it's coming
from local instead of from over the
Internet right but these chunks are
being cached locally on the NASS as well
as being forwarded to this Windows
client and so then the next machine can
pull it from the NASS yeah which is cool
because in an unfortunate era where some
people not us thankfully but some people
do have bandwidth caps from their ISPs
and if you have multiple people in the
house who play the second game or all
multiple instances in the office near
limited on your bandwidth and this could
be useful there as well so it slices it
dices it makes julienne fries it's it's
the network attached server it does
everything very nerdy info do you or
someone you know use the butter FS
filesystem I'm so sorry
you need to stage an intervention called
a hairline now no actually I did test
butter if s a lot for this in like doing
my homework or for this collaboration
and butter FS is actually pretty good I
was a little scared off by the whole
unread let's DIY the cache thing ZFS I
trust the FS yeah so that's the server
setup I think we'll probably will cap
this at two parts for the series pretty
straightforward there's additional stuff
I still have to do after you leave to
finish configuring it and yeah a
tutorial yeah I got it usable for us and
it's pretty much there though and then
we have a separate video we've already
filmed but not sure what orders are
uploading in and that is the epic server
Evo yeah
and you should definitely check that
video it's really cool stuff and the
fans spin fast this that's it's a cool
demo of linear feet per minute flow I
had a blast putting this together so
thank you for having me out very
gracious host it's been awesome you did
all the work appreciate it thank you
thank you
check out level one tax subscribe in the
link in the description below to them
and we'll see you all next time
[Music]